Brooke Oaks: Hi it connected now.
Natalie Austin: Are you
Brooke Oaks: Join me
Natalie Austin: Today what
Natalie Austin: Is your first time at Braveheart
Brooke Oaks: Know,
Natalie Austin: You're just returning you
Natalie Austin: Ready. Yeah, okay.
Natalie Austin: Welcome back.
Brooke Oaks: Thank you.
Natalie Austin: What made you decide to come back.
Brooke Oaks: Well, I didn't really want to leave before I
Brooke Oaks: Actually lost it.
Brooke Oaks: I moved to end. I lost my insurance because of it.
Natalie Austin: Oh, okay. I got you.
Natalie Austin: On that damn insurance again now.
Brooke Oaks: I don't, but I will be getting insurance.
Natalie Austin: Okay. Um, I look up your information here.
Natalie Austin: Well, that's good. I'm glad you're getting some back
Natalie Austin: So tell me about your story, what brings you to get treatment again.
Brooke Oaks: Well, I was on or I was with you guys before and
Brooke Oaks: I just
Brooke Oaks: I was at a point where I kind of, I don't know.
Brooke Oaks: I don't either. I don't really know how to explain that.
Brooke Oaks: There.
Brooke Oaks: She lost connection.
Brooke Oaks: Reset.
Natalie Austin: Okay, hello. Sorry about that.
Natalie Austin: Not right now.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Brooke Oaks: No.
Natalie Austin: Okay, well look you up here.
Natalie Austin: Tell me your story.
Natalie Austin: how you got into opioids.
Natalie Austin: History physical process.
Natalie Austin: Hey,
Natalie Austin: You're in the background. That's beautiful.
Brooke Oaks: I'm mom and she was having some issues with
Brooke Oaks: Trust me, as I sit with her.
What happened.
Brooke Oaks: She's having frustration with the technical issues because she she's been on edge for the last couple days anyone
Okay.
Natalie Austin: I know I'll just
Brooke Oaks: I'll keep as quiet as possible, but she's asked that I happen if there's something that she's having difficulty articulating
Natalie Austin: Potential issues or a pain in the butt. I hear you, you're not the only one that has to deal with that.
Brooke Oaks: EDM she signed a release for me anyway so
Natalie Austin: Okay, that's fine.
Natalie Austin: I love your picture in the background. My goodness. That's gorgeous.
Brooke Oaks: Yeah, all very angels
Brooke Oaks: Oh, wow.
Natalie Austin: Very pretty.
Brooke Oaks: Well, the call.
Brooke Oaks: Thank you.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, it's very uplifting.
Brooke Oaks: Yes, it is.
Huh.
Natalie Austin: Okay. Um, well, you don't have to go over your history. If you don't want to. BROOKE I mean just as I'm reading through your chart. So how's everything going are you doing okay you're on a medication. I see.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, okay. When's the last time you took one
Brooke Oaks: I took a small, tiny, tiny piece today, but it's just I went like five days without it. So,
Natalie Austin: Okay, let me get into your chart. I'll find. Let's see if the pharmacy, the pharmacy still the same.
Brooke Oaks: It can be, I think,
Natalie Austin: Let me look and see
Brooke Oaks: I think I had it CBS
Brooke Oaks: On
Natalie Austin: On Broad Street.
Natalie Austin: Yeah yeah
Natalie Austin: Okay, you are getting the eight slots to tablets one point or 1.5 a day.
Natalie Austin: Was it a tablet or the film's
Brooke Oaks: It was the film's
Natalie Austin: Film. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: We can do that again if you want
Natalie Austin: He's been on edge because you're even out of the pills, too, huh.
Brooke Oaks: Yeah, and I, I went to the hospital. And as I was going to try to come off on they realize it's not a very good time for me to because I'm waiting on an apartment and I'm staying with my mom and her boyfriend right now and it's just kind of been stressful and
Brooke Oaks: I figured since I wasn't working. It would probably be a good time, but I think I can handle it right now. And they gave me like a quantity and patch at the hospital and they also gave me
Brooke Oaks: Hydroxyl seen and I feel like that's just kind of been making me not feel very good and just even worse than I already do.
Natalie Austin: Did you, what did you go to the hospital for was it for withdrawal.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, okay.
Natalie Austin: Okay so 1.5 to daily
Natalie Austin: 11 to CVS. Okay, there we go.
Natalie Austin: When did you go to the hospital is that today, yesterday.
Brooke Oaks: We went Tuesday. And then this on a Wednesday morning, and then this morning.
Brooke Oaks: That hydrox has been wasn't wearing shoes to sleeping and she was just aggravated and i felt like i mean
Brooke Oaks: I felt like I was gonna have a panic attack on point and
Brooke Oaks: Yes, she was up at 430 this morning, driving around so
Natalie Austin: Oh no, that's not good.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: I mean, I'm not leaving here. I'm going to send the script and I have to switch screens.
Brooke Oaks: Really appreciate your help with this.
Or. You're welcome.
Natalie Austin: You can have a longer conversation later to if you don't
Natalie Austin: Well, not feeling well, or whatever.
Natalie Austin: So the history is all your history is the same.
Natalie Austin: As you said before, probably say any changes any new surgeries or anything.
Natalie Austin: Well, no. Okay.
Brooke Oaks: new and better life circumstances.
Natalie Austin: No one better.
Brooke Oaks: Yeah, she's working forward.
Natalie Austin: Oh, good. Well that's good news.
Brooke Oaks: He doesn't have as much stress as she was having before so
Natalie Austin: That's A plus
Yeah.
Brooke Oaks: She's talking. Are you talking to answer.
Natalie Austin: Now, I wasn't going
Natalie Austin: My son came up. I told him he had to leave that
Brooke Oaks: I yeah that's fine. I totally agree. I mean, everything was really bringing it home for a lot of people
Natalie Austin: Literally it is I'm teaching all four kids at home. Now for
For schooling.
Natalie Austin: Like 10 subjects each. So that's four times 10 is for you. Subjects on going over with each. It's crazy.
Natalie Austin: I know
Brooke Oaks: Was I mean the day. That said, when I asked my math teacher. Why I needed to learn this. I never nobody ever imagined it because I'd have to teach my kids in a pandemic.
Natalie Austin: Really. Yeah, exactly.
Natalie Austin: And it's kind of neat that we're learning
Natalie Austin: I'm learning a whole bunch of new things that I, you know, forgotten over the years. So it's pretty cool.
Brooke Oaks: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Kind of neat. Yeah. Like, I remember that I didn't remember the date of that. And oh yeah I remember that happened, you know, then yeah, pretty cool.
Natalie Austin: It's a little frustrating sometimes, but other times it's rewarding. So kind of all balances out but
Brooke Oaks: Like re instructed in civics than the last three, three weeks or so.
Oh, yeah.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: So I guess we can just do the on
Natalie Austin: The past medical history, the same password will history, the same family history social history. Everything's the same Are you so you said you're laid off, you're not working right now.
Brooke Oaks: Yeah, um, I wasn't Indiana and I got laid off during the coven thing and I'm back in Ohio. Now, so
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Are you looking for another job we're kind of waiting it out.
Brooke Oaks: I have been trying to figure out how to deal with this whole thing and I was hoping once I felt better. My manager said something about me, possibly being able to transfer over to Ohio.
Brooke Oaks: Oh, good. And I'm not sure if they're going to allow me to or want me to necessarily, but I know she said she'd give me referrals. They don't transfer and
Brooke Oaks: I'm also working apartment. I can't really work until then.
Natalie Austin: What does it work what what company was it
Natalie Austin: Applebee's. Oh, there you go. Young where you cook a server or waitress.
Natalie Austin: Server server nice good tips.
Natalie Austin: Oh, and I doing to go orders now.
Brooke Oaks: Yeah, they are.
Brooke Oaks: I think starting I'm open backup. I didn't in Monday open back up, but I'm not sure what they've done here so far.
Hmm.
Natalie Austin: Only yellow, I think.
Brooke Oaks: I'm not sure I probably restaurants open banquet facilities in a couple weeks. But the restaurants are open at six foot spacing and you know certain percentage of people and things like that so
Brooke Oaks: Oh good, and things that broke. Is that my boyfriend and I are both high risk and so she's been concerned about getting a job in bringing something home to us.
Oh,
Brooke Oaks: She got into our department that she wants to work. She's anxious to get back to work. She's anxious to start moving forward again with her life. So
Natalie Austin: Well, this is a good time to rest as well. A lot of people take advantage of it. And that way you know
Brooke Oaks: Well, too much time.
Natalie Austin: What
Brooke Oaks: I mean it's it's just been a great help to me. But if there's been raining and cold air. So we're kind of cramped in this little house and it's just too much time on her hands. So, ah,
Natalie Austin: Have you any new hobbies or anything.
Natalie Austin: Like cooking or cleaning or cooking or writing or coloring. Mm hmm.
Brooke Oaks: I think they were calling me for it hurts.
Natalie Austin: Okay, I'll text them. I'll let them know I got a hold of you.
Natalie Austin: All right, I tell them I couldn't reach you. So I was worried
Natalie Austin: Let me, let me tell them
Natalie Austin: Oh, let's see here. Where's the right
Natalie Austin: Okay, I just told her that you're back on with me. So I stopped calling you.
Natalie Austin: Just worried. So no, I hope she's okay
Brooke Oaks: But for a moment. But I did my pep talk
Natalie Austin: He wasn't
Brooke Oaks: She wasn't for a moment. But I did my pep talk. So she's
Natalie Austin: Um,
Natalie Austin: Let's see here.
Natalie Austin: Did they send you any like new information like on the urine drug screens.
Brooke Oaks: Whoa.
Natalie Austin: Don't set the price on your new urine drug screen.
Brooke Oaks: Okay.
Natalie Austin: It's easy to do, though, you've
Natalie Austin: Probably already done them right
Brooke Oaks: Oh yeah, I've done them before. Yeah.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, you do. Last one. You did wasn't see here, September. Yeah, okay.
Natalie Austin: Good. That one was very good. Yep, mm hmm
Natalie Austin: Um, the, some of them are doing now you do at home and you just take a picture of it. So that'll be easy for you so you don't have to leave.
Natalie Austin: Is that how the last one was
Brooke Oaks: They did them and they gave you, like, a minute to use the bathroom and then you come back, and then you just kind of
Brooke Oaks: Your cadence.
Natalie Austin: Yeah. Cool. Okay, I think that's neat that. That way you don't believe that's pretty cool.
Natalie Austin: Oh, good. Yeah, yours was good.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: And then you had labs done
Natalie Austin: And may
Natalie Austin: You probably don't need to redo those. I don't think so.
Brooke Oaks: Well, if she needs anything except the drug testing that if we're going to hold off until we just got we're getting are signed up for Medicaid. I think the emergency room was getting started on it.
Brooke Oaks: So,
Brooke Oaks: Medicaid here know where you are. But now we've expanded Medicaid. So she should be able to get on it relatively quickly and relatively easily some
Natalie Austin: Good. Yeah, I saw that my secretary gave me those notes already up. I'm glad.
Natalie Austin: I'm glad they were helpful to you in the ER. That's great.
Natalie Austin: She it's hard. If you don't have the resources. I know they're very helpful over there. That's great.
Brooke Oaks: Well, this is a new standalone ER and like that nobody's ever there. That's why we went
Natalie Austin: Oh nice, really know how are you good for you.
Brooke Oaks: there yet. So our yeah in any are in and out an hour.
Natalie Austin: I never even heard of a standalone er before it's like a med express com thing.
Brooke Oaks: Is it's affiliate its affiliated with a local hospital in another community over. We have a lot of them around here. Let's just kind of like, or they're attached to a
Brooke Oaks: Doctor's office building, you know, just a mini er, you know, they didn't have do surgeries and things like that. But they definitely stabilized and yeah I mean I've been there a couple times myself. I've been issues and
Brooke Oaks: Yeah, it is it and then they've got like
Brooke Oaks: You know X rays and cat and things like that, too. So, but it's not. It's not a big hospital settings. Just a small building so
Gotcha.
Natalie Austin: So what do they do, if there's like a heart attack. They probably send them out.
Brooke Oaks: They probably ambulance. I think they've got some rooms there. It's just not a full facility, it's, it's a, it's in between, like, it's out in a rural area really in between to college in areas. So it's kind of like a way station, I guess, you know,
Brooke Oaks: If you need more. I know. If you need more. They probably you know transport you but you know they can handle the app and documented probably just get you out and get Jeff to the other hospital for surgery. I don't know. I've been gone for pain so
Natalie Austin: Oh, nice. That's good. They have those that's good there even available. It's amazing.
Brooke Oaks: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Because like you said, You're right. There's not a whole lot of hospitals around. We live in a in the rural area.
That's great.
Natalie Austin: But yeah, I don't think you need any more bloodwork. But if they do definitely you can hold off any and any new patients, we've had, I've told them you know they can wait. It's not imperative, because the lab work just checked your, you know, liver and kidney
Natalie Austin: It's just your basic health check up you know more for you guys.
Natalie Austin: So that's fine.
Natalie Austin: And that we have groups.
Natalie Austin: I'm
Natalie Austin: On Mondays and Thursdays, or you're interested in attending groups at all.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Um,
Natalie Austin: Are you are you are you just have an individual with me, you know, either one, whatever you want to do.
Natalie Austin: Individually, the group's let me because like once you learn this technology. You just hit the mute button like right here.
Brooke Oaks: Yeah, you're gonna hit that are the video.
Natalie Austin: To the video button like if you have to go to the bathroom and just hit the video button or you're going to burn or something.
Natalie Austin: I forget to pick your nose, hit the mute button.
Natalie Austin: But the grooves. Pretty cool. I mean everyone's pretty nice, you know that we have Rochelle does a topic every week she has some fun topics. She sometimes she shows a video or a little video clip or we sing a song she plays a song for us. And it's pretty it's neat. I think it's fun.
Natalie Austin: But we have those on Thursdays at noon and six and then Mondays at noon. So you can pick whichever one you want, you can think about it.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: But as of right now, I gave you a week's worth of pills. So next Friday. If you just want to see me. You can just, you know, come in to see me.
Natalie Austin: On Thursday. If you want even
Brooke Oaks: Is it pills or strips.
Natalie Austin: Strips. I'm sorry to interrupt you. I said the stretch them.
Brooke Oaks: Something, she can take in pills and other things. She did some tablets and it just we react differently to medicines and a lot of people so
Natalie Austin: ABC and you're like the strips better. Good. Yeah, everyone's different. Some people just like the pills. So yeah, whatever works best for you. That's good.
Brooke Oaks: Thank you.
Natalie Austin: Your pharmacy still open, are able to go get it now.
Brooke Oaks: We'll have to see because I don't know what their stock is situation is
Brooke Oaks: With the whole I mean we can alcohol to running years. I don't know what what the situation is with that. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: You don't have
Films.
Brooke Oaks: Finding the tablets before. I've had to go to like five pharmacies to get some of the tablets before
Natalie Austin: Well, if you have any issues just call back to us and we'll we can figure it out. We can send to somewhere else kind of some, some of the pharmacies are 24 hours, but I think there's a Walgreens, those don't take care source anymore.
Natalie Austin: I don't know if you knew that so
Well,
Natalie Austin: The CVS is should be open till eight though. I'm hoping. Okay.
Natalie Austin: We'll run down there. Oh.
Brooke Oaks: Thank you. Thank you so much.
Natalie Austin: You're welcome. You have any other questions for me.
Brooke Oaks: Um,
Brooke Oaks: What do I do about my point do I call office or
Natalie Austin: Yeah, just call the office back again. Yep. And then if you want to just make on with me. I'm available all day Thursday, except for like noon and six is the groups or you can just tell me you want to come into the group.
Brooke Oaks: Okay.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: And what you know whenever you're ready to come into the group. You don't have to do it right away if you're not ready.
Brooke Oaks: Okay.
Natalie Austin: I'd rather you be stabilized. First, you know, you know, you feel good about yourself and feel okay to do that.
Natalie Austin: But it's like the new people. I always tell them you know you can just meet yourself like I just showed you, just hang out, you know, she's not gonna call upon you to do anything that you don't want to do you know
Natalie Austin: Wait wait a couple new people today or yesterday it was funny. Rochelle said, do you want to add anything to our discussion, the one guys like nope
Natalie Austin: No, that's okay. You know, he wasn't ready. So she said, Okay, we moved on to the next person. So it's simply fine as well.
Natalie Austin: So judgmental zone so
Natalie Austin: You want to do
Brooke Oaks: Alright.
Natalie Austin: So we have the plan will do continue strips people in our for nice last two strips 1.5 daily number 11 called into CVS will do monthly UDS cosine and Dr. Jamison
Natalie Austin: Check wars monthly
Natalie Austin: Weekly individual with Natalie. And then if whenever you're ready to do groups will do that.
Brooke Oaks: I'm good. Yep. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Do you have any questions.
Brooke Oaks: No, no.
Natalie Austin: No. Okay, hang in there.
Natalie Austin: You guys
Brooke Oaks: Are really helpful for shade. Everybody's been really helpful.
Brooke Oaks: To the group.
Natalie Austin: You're welcome. I'm here for. If you need anything, okay.
Brooke Oaks: Okay, thank you.
Natalie Austin: Okay, call CVS.
Natalie Austin: Make sure they're open
Natalie Austin: And if not, just give us a call and we'll find another pharmacy that's open. Okay.
Brooke Oaks: Thanks. Thank you.
Natalie Austin: Thank you. Okay. You're welcome. Bye bye.
Natalie Austin: Bye.
Natalie Austin: And I'll just do the rest of the um I'll fill in the whole physical exam type thing, because
Natalie Austin: She was having a little
Natalie Austin: Some
Natalie Austin: Anxiety, there was a discussion, but often fill in a lot of stuff and add to it.
Natalie Austin: To make it a
Natalie Austin: Longer a
Natalie Austin: Longer know so. But that was agent p
Natalie Austin: We have systems. She obviously had
Natalie Austin: Anxiety, depression, chills,
Natalie Austin: I'm
Natalie Austin: Not sure what she didn't mention diarrhea.
Natalie Austin: And then the physical exam. Well, the owners white female
Natalie Austin: Appeared you know jittery and unsure of yourself, I suppose.
Natalie Austin: At AMP T parallel cardiac clauses attack lungs, not labor aspirations. I don't understand extremities FEMA musculoskeletal five five neuro Grounders cranial nerve to through 12 and tax.
Natalie Austin: Site alert and oriented.
Natalie Austin: flat affect reluctant to talk
Natalie Austin: No suicidal ideation.
Natalie Austin: Assessments here. Should we put anxiety and depression in there. Absolutely.
Natalie Austin: I'll add that to the chart here.
Natalie Austin: opioid abuse 11.10 and then, um,
Natalie Austin: Yep. Under at the beginning, I suppose, just say patients returning after
Natalie Austin: Her her shirts lapsed. She's been getting the kills off this this film off the street.
Natalie Austin: Today she had a small piece of a film and she's feeling anxious and
Natalie Austin: And then he heard the rest of her go on to the ER twice this week and stuff so
Natalie Austin: Again, I think I'll add some more stuff. Once you type up the note if need be. Okay, thank you. Okay, bye.